We also talked about our color correction.
Now, we did a really similar process as the other edits that we did together.
So what we have here is our luminary color.
And you can see I'm boosting the highlights.
Way up to a hundred and fifty.
I'm adding a little bit of contrast.
It's going to create a little bit more depth in our image.
That's with no contrast.
And then the more we bring it up, the more dark, dark, the more dark the dark star and the more bright
the brights are.
But I'm going to undo that.
We put it at 10 and we boosted our whites.
We brought up a saturation.
Almost 200 originally was at 100, which is that and it's no energy, no personality, no colors.
So we needed to basically double the saturation from in camera to what we made in this adjustment layer.
And then we chose a lot.
This just worked really well for this edit.
You know, I could have gone with a lot of other luts, you know, but the one that I chose really matches
with the theme and professional feeling.
We want to have, you know, some other lights.
They may look good, but this is just washing everything out too much.
And it's not that kind of video.
We want everything to feel solid, professional and clean.
For this project, I also moved up the sharpness of 50 points that just helped with sharpening up parts
of the image, especially when we have like this text on screen.
I don't know if you'll be able to see in the screen capture, but if I undo the sharpness and put it
to zero, all of these shots are just a little bit soft.
They're not quite jumping off the screen.
So that is why I put the sharpness up to 50.
Boom, it sharpens up all the dull areas of our image.
And I didn't do anything too fancy down in the creative tab.
I didn't boost up any specific colors.
I think I might have actually done that.
This is our B roll that we're looking out here.
I think I did that for our mean talking footage.
So that's the original.
This is with our color correction.
We use the same exact techniques that we worked on together earlier in the course.
And I feel like I might have added some boosting to the blues because we have this nice blue indigo
shirt that our character has.
We have this cool blue couch in the background.
So let me see here.
Yep.
So we boosted the saturation of our blues in this image just to give it a little bit of extra character
and personality and make these colors stand out.
So without boom, you see that subtle change.
It's more gray with it's definitely blue.
This is just a little bit gray.
So that was another step in this color correction process.
RB roll didn't really need it.
I could have done it a little bit in here, but our talking footage definitely needed a little bit of
that in the color correction process.